# Contact Book

- Saved Contacts:
![contacts.png](images/contacts.png)

This is a Contact Book developed in Java using Object-Oriented
Programming (OOP) principles and Maven as a dependency
manager. The application is backed by a MySQL database, 
implementing the four basic functions of data persistence
(CRUD: Create, Read, Update, Delete).

ðŸ”§ Key features:

Object-Oriented Design: Applied OOP principles for a 
well-structured, maintainable codebase.

CRUD Operations: Enabled full management of contacts through
the standard CRUD functions.

Maven Integration: Managed project dependencies efficiently
with Maven.

MySQL Database: Utilized MySQL for data storage and
persistence, ensuring reliable data handling.

âœ… Object-oriented programming (OOP) application: I learned
how to design and implement an application using OOP
principles, ensuring modular, reusable, and maintainable
code.

âœ… Database management with MySQL: I became familiar with
integrating a MySQL database, implementing data persistence
operations (CRUD) to efficiently store and manage contacts.

âœ… Using Maven for dependency management: I strengthened my
skills in using Maven, managing dependencies, and
facilitating project builds and version management.

âœ… Implementing CRUD operations: I applied and understood
the importance of the basic data persistence functions:
Create, Read, Update, and Delete, which are fundamental
in developing database applications.

ðŸŽ¯ This project allowed me to consolidate my knowledge in
Java, OOP, and database management, improving my ability 
to develop applications with persistent storage.
